The Springs Resort & Spa at Arenal

This luxury Virtuoso resort offers spectacular views of the Arenal volcano and valley. It features free WiFi throughout, 28 hot spring pools, a spa and a fitness centre. La Fortuna is less than 10 minutes’ drive away.

All rooms at The Springs Resort & Spa at Arenal offer panoramic views of the Arenal Valley. They include an extra large double bed, a flat-screen TV, CD and DVD player and an iPod dock. The private bathroom includes toiletries and a hairdryer.

The Springs Spa offers a range of massage and beauty treatments, including a floating water massage and body wraps using therapeutic volcanic clay. The changing rooms include a steam room and sauna.

The Springs Resort & Spa has 5 restaurants, including a gourmet buffet restaurant, a grill restaurant surrounded by 5 waterfall pools, and a sushi bar. There are also several bars, including a sports bar.

An airport shuttle service is also available at an additional cost. The Springs Resort & Spa also offers within the property access to Club Rio Outdoor Center located at 1.5 km from the resort where you can do River Tubing, Horseback Tours, Rock Climbing and Rapelling. Additional you can access to the Wildlife Preserve for Rescued Animals.

Business travellers particularly like the location — they rated it 10 for a work-related trip.

The Springs Resort & Spa at Arenal has been welcoming Booking.com guests since 7 Oct 2011.

rooms


Three-Bedroom Premier Suite
 Only 1 left on our site
Bedroom 1: 1 extra-large double bed 
Bedroom 2: 2 large double beds 
Bedroom 3: 1 single bed  and 1 large double bed 
Living room: 1 sofa bed 
These suites feature views, a living room and a balcony with 8-person hot tub. The balcony has sofa seating, dining table, rocking chairs and lounge chairs. The living area has two sofas, a small dining reaa, counter bar to balcony, minibar with icemaker and two desks.

Private suite237 m²BalconyGarden viewMountain viewLandmark viewAir conditioningSpa bathPrivate bathroomFlat-screen TVCoffee machineMinibarFree WiFi
Hot tub Free toiletries Bathrobe Safety deposit box Additional bathroom Streaming service (like Netflix) Toilet Sofa Bath or shower Hardwood or parquet floors Towels Linen Socket near the bed Tile/marble floor Desk Seating Area Private entrance TV Mosquito net Telephone Ironing facilities Satellite channels Tea/Coffee maker Iron Hairdryer Fan Additional toilet Extra long beds (> 2 metres) Wake up service/Alarm clock Outdoor furniture Outdoor dining area Cable channels Wake-up service Alarm clock Laptop safe Wardrobe or closet Dining area Dining table Upper floors accessible by elevator Clothes rack Drying rack for clothing Toilet paper Hand sanitiser Single-room air conditioning for guest accommodation
