The Westin Reserva 

This luxury all-inclusive resort and spa is set on Playa Conchal Beach in Costa Rica's North-Pacific Riviera, 15 minutes' drive from Tamarindo Beach. It offers a gym, tennis courts, outdoor pool and spa.

Spacious, air-conditioned rooms and suites have a balcony and seating area with flat-screen cable TV. There is a minibar and coffee maker, and the private bathroom comes with a hairdryer.

The property's all-inclusive package ensures a carefree stay, featuring an in-room coffee maker to 24-hour room service and a refreshment station stocked daily with soft drinks, bottled juices, water, and beer. Please note additional refills are available for a fee.

The Westin Reserva Conchal, an All-Inclusive Golf Resort & Spa has a selection of bars and restaurants, serving continental, Latin American, Asian and Italian cuisine. Room service is available.

There is a 24-hour reception, and you can hire a bicycle or car from the tour desk. Free on-site parking is available. The complex is next to Conchal Golf Course and you can go snorkelling or kayaking in the area. Guanacaste International Airport is a 45-minute drive away.

The Westin Reserva Conchal, an All-Inclusive Golf Resort & Spa has been welcoming Booking.com guests since 12 Oct 2011.
Hotel chain/brand: Westin

rooms

Deluxe Jr Suite, 1 Bedroom Junior Suite, 1 King, Sofa bed
1 extra-large double bed  and 1 sofa bed 
Overlooking our tropical gardens, and from a walkable distance to our stunning beach, this spacious 50sqm Junior Suite offers free Wi-Fi, flat-screen cable TV, in-room coffee maker and iPod dock. In addition, its modern and stylish bathroom comes with bathrobes, hairdryer and slippers to complement the perfect stay.

50 m²BalconyAir conditioningPrivate bathroomFlat-screen TVCoffee machineMinibarFree WiFi
Free toiletries Shower Bathrobe Safety deposit box Toilet Sofa Towels Linen Socket near the bed Tile/marble floor Desk Seating Area Slippers Telephone Ironing facilities Iron Radio Interconnected room(s) available Hairdryer Fan iPod dock Wake up service/Alarm clock Cable channels Alarm clock Laptop safe Wardrobe or closet Toilet paper Sofa bed

Deluxe Jr Suite, 1 Bedroom Junior Suite, 2 Double, Sofa bed
2 double beds  and 1 sofa bed 
Overlooking our tropical gardens, and from a walkable distance to our stunning beach, this spacious 50sqm Junior Suite offers free Wi-Fi, flat-screen cable TV, in-room coffee maker and iPod dock. In addition, its modern and stylish bathroom comes with bathrobes, hairdryer and slippers to complement the perfect stay.

50 m²BalconyAir conditioningPrivate bathroomFlat-screen TVCoffee machineMinibarFree WiFi
Free toiletries Shower Bathrobe Safety deposit box Toilet Sofa Towels Linen Socket near the bed Tile/marble floor Desk Seating Area Slippers Telephone Ironing facilities Iron Radio Interconnected room(s) available Hairdryer Fan iPod dock Wake up service/Alarm clock Cable channels Alarm clock Laptop safe Wardrobe or closet Toilet paper Sofa bed

