Makanda by The Sea Hotel

We would like our Guests to experience Costa Rica at its fullest and most beautiful. As such, during the high season (01/01/2022 - 30/04/2023), Makanda By The Sea observes a 3 night minimum stay. We can't wait for our Guests to spend their holidays in our elegant escape.

Offering an outdoor swimming pool and a restaurant, Makanda by The Sea Hotel Adults Only is located in Manuel Antonio. Full breakfast is available for $30+tax. The property is 200 m from the private beach.

The suites here will provide you with a TV, air conditioning and a balcony. Complete with a microwave, the dining area also has a refrigerator. Featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer. Some suites have a sea view and a garden view. The studios also include an iPod dock, a CD player and cable channels.

The property has an on-site restaurant, and the nearest supermarket is located 600 m away.

At Makanda by The Sea Hotel Adults Only you will find a terrace. Other services offered include a massages and a tour desk. An array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including horse riding and fishing.

Juan Santamaría International Airport is 68 km away. The property offers free parking and free Wi-Fi access.

Business travellers particularly like the location — they rated it 9.6 for a work-related trip.

Makanda by The Sea Hotel Adults Only has been welcoming Booking.com guests since 28 Oct 2013.

rooms

Luxury Villa with Private Pool (2 adults)
Bedroom 1: 1 extra-large double bed 
Living room: 1 sofa bed 
This Luxury Villa features one King size bed. It features ocean and rain-forest views from its own private balcony, while boasting marble floors, a terrace with infinity pool depth of 4 meters, the "smart house" system, fully equipped modern kitchen, hammock and rattan beds, flat screen TV, dining table for 2-4 people made of natural teak. This room also includes free Wi-Fi and free parking, daily housekeeping, security 24 hours a day.

